Please fill out the following and submit with your Final Project submission 
(added to help us know what to focus on when grading, what was intentionally incomplete, etc.):

1. What is your estimated grade for the Final Project (roughly of 100)? For partner projects,
   do you think the workload distribution was fair?
I think given the additional above-and-beyond features I implemented 	I would say above a 90.

2. What is your estimated grade for the course (letter grade)? You can support your
   estimate with examples of demonstrated engagement in the course material, strengths
   (and weaknesses) over the term, and growth throughout the material (some assignment
   grading feedback was delayed, but we would like to know what resources you used to
   iterate on the material, such as lectures, OH, Discord, etc.)

I think my work over the course, based on my homework assignments, creative projects, 
and final project, is worth an A grade. Above all of this, I was active in the discord 
multiple times a week, attended office hours with El every week, was a guinea pig for HW3, 
worked on the in-person CP4 assignment, helped find errors in homework code, and provided timestamps
for lectures. With this additional dedication and my curiosity for the course 
which has inspired others and led me to create projects beyond the scope of the assignment, I 
believe that my grade should be an A+. While my code quality was not perfect, my in-line 
comments were useful and authentic!


3. To what extent would you like feedback in your project (e.g. thorough, particular areas of the
   project, or just a grade)?
I would like a grade and any feedback on bad practices or code that could be more efficient. I am 
also happy with any creative recommendations to extend my project!

4. Anything else you would like El to know when grading?
I have really enjoyed creating my Final Project!

5. Are you open to sharing your project/reflection for future terms? If so, would you
   like named credit or anonymous?
Yes, I consent to sharing my project with name credit but not its reflection.